Me and my mum started attending meetings
and studying the Bible
when I was five years old.
When I was 13, I decided to get baptized.
I decided to dedicate my life
to Jehovah when I was 14.
To me, Jehovah is a wonderful God.
He’s not just a Friend that you can count on
but also a Father.
I don’t have a spiritual father
here on earth,
but I have Jehovah as my Father.
It was always something that I had in mind
—to let the truth convince me
and not serve Jehovah
just because my family does,
but to serve Jehovah
because of the love I feel for him.
Having that clearly in mind is very important
and will make all the difference
when a problem arises,
or when we have to deal
with something, in the future.
Some of the truths that convinced me
that Jehovah was really my God
were mainly basic truths.
I believe that they’re like
the foundation of a house.
Without a good base, a good foundation,
a house will not remain standing.
For example, I wanted to understand better
from a more scientific standpoint
that Jehovah really created all things.
So I read a lesson
from the brochure Origin of Life.
From that, I saw how Jehovah
really made everything
in a very complex way
and that there was no other explanation.
It was doubts like that
that moved me to study the Bible more,
which helped me to build
a better friendship with Jehovah
and to be more convinced
that he was the true God.
I always enjoyed and made a great effort
to feed myself
in a spiritual sense in the morning.
When I was a teenager,
I went through some problems
that were pretty tough.
I felt better in the morning.
It was a time of day when my problems
didn’t seem so big in my mind.
It’s very important to have spiritual goals.
Because if we don’t have goals,
it’s like going on a journey
with no direction, no destination.
But if we’ve got a purpose before leaving,
we know where we are going
and how we can get there safely.
I always think in terms
of setting short-range goals,
medium-range goals, and long-range goals.
So some goals that I was able to reach
were getting baptized
and becoming a regular pioneer.
I also had the privilege
of serving in construction groups.
No matter the choices that I had to make,
I always thought about how
they would affect my goals in the future.
When I was 17,
I found out that my mum had cancer.
That was a heartbreaking situation.
Suddenly, my life was turned upside down.
I had to learn how to care for our home,
how to cook,
how to care for someone sick,
and how to give emotional support
to that person.
The biggest challenge that I faced
when I was a teenager
was when my parents got divorced,
and then my mum stopped serving Jehovah.
At that time in my life,
I was 15 or 16 years old.
At that age, you need a lot of support
and guidance from your parents.
It was a time when I didn’t get
that guidance and that support.
My mum was my best friend, and I lost her.
She was always so loving.
She always helped me.
She always read the publications with me.
We loved to study the Bible together.
We don’t know when problems
will suddenly come up.
So it’s important that we take
Jehovah’s side before the challenges,
before problems, arise.
A text that really helped me
was Romans 8:37-39.
There it says that ‘neither death
‘nor life nor height nor depth
‘nor anything else
can separate us from Jehovah’s love.’
So that really helped me
face those challenges.
Having a strong Christian identity
means having values and principles
that are the same as Jehovah’s.
You clearly make up your mind
to please Jehovah,
even with what’s happening all around you.
It’s very important to make
the choice to serve Jehovah
no matter the situation we face
or no matter if our family
serves Jehovah or not,
because it’s when we face
challenging situations
that we’ll see if we can continue
to be loyal to Jehovah or not.
No doubt about it,
I’m very proud
to be one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Jehovah can help us in amazing ways.
He is our Friend,
our Father, our Comforter.
It’s really good to be friends
with a God that is so powerful
and to have the chance to defend his name.